Add parameters for the validator dynamic fee mechanism (#156)
avalanche-foundation/ACPs: ACPs/77-reinventing-subnets/README.md

The parameters at activation are:

| Parameter | Definition                                    | Value         |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| $T$       | target number of validators                   | 10_000        |
| $C$       | capacity number of validators                 | 20_000        |
| $M$       | minimum fee rate                              | 512 nAVAX/s   |

> | $K$       | constant to control the rate of fee changes | 1_246_488_515 |

Reviewer: Can we put somewhere that this constant means it'll double every day?

`(10000 * 60 * 60 * 24) / (ln 2) = 1246488515.33`

Author: added

> | $K$       | constant to control the rate of change of $M$ | 1_246_488_515 |

Reviewer 2: The minimum fee rate doesn't change. Perhaps
```suggestion
| $K$       | constant to control the rate of fee changes | 1_246_488_515 |
```
?

The parameters at activation are:

| Parameter | Definition                                  | Value         |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| $T$       | target number of validators                 | 10_000        |
| $C$       | capacity number of validators               | 20_000        |
| $M$       | minimum fee rate                            | 512 nAVAX/s   |
| $K$       | constant to control the rate of fee changes | 1_246_488_515 |

> The minimum fee rate $M$ of 512 nAVAX/s equates to approximately 1.33 AVAX paid per month to run an L1 validator, so long as the total number of dynamic-fee-paying L1 validators stays at or below the target $T$.
> $K$ was chosen to allow the fee rate to double at a maximum of once every 24 hours. This is in the extreme case that the network has $C$ validators for prolonged periods of time; if the network has $T$+1 validators for example, the fee rate would double every ~27 years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An $M$ of 512 nAVAX/s equates to ~1.33 AVAX/month to run an L1 validator, so long as the total number of continuous-fee-paying L1 validators stays at or below the target $T$.

$K$ was chosen to allow the fee rate to double at a maximum of once every 24 hours. This is in the extreme case that the network has $C$ validators for prolonged periods of time; if the network has $T$+1 validators for example, the fee rate would double every ~27 years.
```

> $K$ was chosen to allow the fee rate to double at a maximum of once every 24 hours. This is in the extreme case that the network has $C$ number of validators for prolonged periods of time; if the network has $T$+1 number of validators for example, the fee rate would increase very, very slowly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$K$ was chosen to allow the fee rate to double at a maximum of once every 24 hours. This is in the extreme case that the network has $C$ validators for prolonged periods of time; if the network has $T$+1 validators for example, the fee rate would double approximately every 27 years.
```
